CLI Quickstart Document

The Switch CLI provides access to the hardware driver and configuration 
data of the switch.  The interface provides a Cisco-like CLI with help
and tab completion.  At any given point, the CLI has a "context" which
determines what commands may be given.  The context is indicated in
the prompt.

In general, parameters are accumulated prior to being committed to
the system with a specific command.  For example:

SwitchCLI# port 17             # Enter the port mode for OpenFlow port 17
SwitchCLI-port(17)# speed=10   # Indicate the speed
SwitchCLI-port(17)# enable=1   # Indicate the port should be enabled
SwitchCLI-port(17)# set        # Commit the change to the switch
SwitchCLI#

You can see the status of the CLI (including the current values of
parameters to be committed) with the clistat command at any time.

Some limited editing commands are available including 

  left-arrow   Move left one character
  right-arrow  Move right one character
  control-a    Start of line
  control-u    Erase line
  control-k    Erase to end of line
  control-d    Exit the current context
  up-arrow     Move back in command history
  down-arrow   Move forward in command history

Other notes:

You can get help at any time with the "help" command.
"help params" shows the parameter meaning for each keyword as well
Tab completion available by hitting the tab button at any time.
CLI debug logging is to the console and can be turned on or off.

Here is a summary of commands.

Commands common to all contexts:
  clistat     : Display the status of the CLI
  debug       : Set or get the debug level
  #           : Comment rest of line
  flowdisp    : Set the display mode for flow table entries
  help        : Display help
  cxn_history : Display the controller connection history
  version     : Display the firmware version
  quit/exit   : Exit the current context

Commands for the fundamental context:
  flowtable   : Show the flowtable
  enable      : Enter the enable mode
  match       : Define a flow match object
  echo        : Call the server with an echo request of line
  port        : Set or get port (interface) state
  config      : Configure basic switch parameters
  status      : Display the status of the switch
  flowentry   : Show flow entries satisfying a given match
  show        : Show various status
  interface   : Set or get interface (port) state

Commands for the port context:
  show        : Show port status
  stats       : Show port statistics
  name        : Set the interface name of the port
  mtu         : Set the port max packet length
  speed       : Set port speed
  autoneg     : Enable/disable autonegotiation
  set         : Commit the settings given
  enable      : Set the port enable state; no argument enables

Once a "name" has been set for a port, the interface command may
be used to reference the port.

Commands for the config context:
  show            : Show the running or saved configuration
  save            : Save the cunrent configuration state
  revert          : Revert configuration to saved configuration
  apply           : Not implemented
  controller_ip   : Set the controller IP address
  controller_port : Set the TCP port used for controller communication
  switch_ip       : Set the IP address of the switch
  netmask         : Set the netmask for the switch IP address
  gateway         : Set the IP address of the gateway for the switch interface
  enable_telnet   : Enable and direct the telnet server (CLI or shell)
  datapath_id     : Set the datapath ID used by OpenFlow
  fail_mode       : Set the behavior (open or closed) on controller cxn fail
  log_level       : Set the log level

Note:  No warning is given if you exit the config context with unsaved
changes.

Various aliases for configuration variables are supported.

Commands for the show context:
   port       : Show port information
   interface  : Same as port, but use an interface name to specify
   flowtable  : Show the entire flowtable
   config     : Show the current configuration

Known Issues

1.  The "apply" configuration command is not implemented.  A reboot is
needed to apply the new configuration.

2.  The telnet operation is only on or off; the ability to direct telnet
to the CLI or shell is not supported.

3.  Logging is not supported to a file, although the debug level can
be changed with the debug command (on or off).

4.  Port configuration is not persistent across reboots.

5.  The "enable" command does nothing (there is no non-enabled mode).

